From peace_activist33 at yahoo.com  Mon Apr 17 17:54:51 2006
From: peace_activist33 at yahoo.com (S.A.Rehman)
Date: Mon, 17 Apr 2006 20:54:51 +0500
Subject: [sunuo-users] Peace Message For Muslims
Message-ID: <200604171554.k3HFsLt21741@bat.berlios.de>

PRESS RELEASE:

AN OPEN LETTER TO  MUSLIMS ONLY
(Please read and forward this message to as many Muslims as you can)

Dear Muslim Brothers and Sisters,

God forbid if any one of our near one and dear one is killed then the 
killer is evil, a beast and what not and should get penalty but if one 
among us kills anybody then he is not evil and we start lying, denying 
or even justifying the killing.... double standards?

Being Muslims, many of our brothers and sisters are not working for 
peace. They are misguided, mistaken and spreading the virus of hatred 
and revenge through telling deliberate lies, disinformation and false 
accusations, which is resulting in death and miseries for number of 
innocent people living around the world at the hands of merciless 
KILLER MUSLIMS and also bringing bad name to Mohammed (PBUH) 
who never killed anyone in his life time.

Instead of teaching about Good & Evil, certain Radical Muslim Clerics 
are only "Trading in Religion". They teach us about accusing, abusing 
and killing the non-Muslims. They try to hypnotize us to Hate and Kill 
the non-Muslims and brethren of other sects or be killed and without 
using any common sense, we readily believe in whatever is being said 
by these Hate Mongers.  Actually, they are "Agents of Satan" who is 
paying them heavily and in return they are cutting at the very roots 
of the Ummah. Instead of "Mourning" most of the Muslims are rejoicing 
on the brutal killings of the non-combatant innocent civilians and 
"The Murderers" have always been "Our Great Heroes".

Before it is too late and the Curse Of God falls upon us, we should 
use common sense, find out the TRUTH and must change ourselves  
to save Muslims from becoming the most "Hated, Isolated, Discredited 
and Suspicious" people in the world. We must start working for 
promoting "Sectarian Harmony and Religious Tolerance" in the society 
and should prove to the WORLD through our deeds that Islam is not a 
religion of Zero Tolerance and Mohammed (PBUH) teaches "Love & Peace" 
and not Gangsterism, Terrorism, Barbarism, Extremism, Sectarianism, 
Cruelty, Inhumanity and "Hatred & Killing" of the innocent civilians.

Islam is a religion of peace. Islam teaches respect and love for all 
even the animals. But many narrow-minded Muslims have so far failed 
to learn anything good from the teachings of Mohammed (PBUH) who 
preaches love for the peoples of all religions. We are far away from 
the basic principle of Islam i.e. "Enjoining the people to do Good and 
forbidding them from Doing Evil" and thus, possess no quality of the 
civilized society. Unfortunately, many of us show Zero Tolerance 
towards others and have wrongly learnt few thing to be called as good 
Muslims and those are "hate" the non-Muslims and ?Accusing, Abusing 
and Cursing? the non-Muslims.  ...act of madness?

The killing of others in the name of religion is a Sin. Can a FATHER 
ever teach his Children to be the permanent Enemies of each other?

The time has come for us to stop readily believing in whatever is being
said, read and written by the LIARS / Hate Mongers. Unfortunately, 
some misguided-Muslims believe that the Holy Koran and Holy Prophet 
(PBUH) both have instructed Muslims that the opponents be KILLED 
and that they are simply following the orders. We should use our own 
common sense and only believe which is logical, convincing and in the 
best interest of the humanity.

Why do we hate others so much, may be they are better humans then what 
we are. My feeling is that the Muslims should unite to discredit and 
deactivate the fringe mullahs (Preachers of Hate) who promise a quick 
trip to paradise to people who have little and sacrifice themselves 
with bombs strapped to their bodies. If the mullahs (THE LIARS) 
thought that it really was a way to paradise they would be strapping 
bombs to themselves! Their followers are kept too ignorant to see this 
for themselves and enlightened Muslims should educate them. We must 
promote understanding and peace. We are all watched by the same God 
and need to help one another, not Hate and Hurt.

Our contention is that the WORLD should resolve the conflicts facing
the Muslim World to stop the terrorism. Unfortunately, all the
disputes facing the Muslim World are our self created. The root causes 
of all the disputes are based on the Muslim Philosophy of Hate against 
the non-Muslims. The Muslim literature, teachings and preaching are 
spreading and injecting this hatred in hearts and minds of the Muslims.
Our intolerant behavior is further proved by the root causes of all 
the pending conflicts that we (Muslims) cannot live side by side in 
peace with the non-Muslims. All the disputes facing Muslim World can 
be resolved easily, only if we (the Muslims) are able to condemn the 
?Philosophy of Hate? created in us by our past and present elders who 
have divided the peoples of the world in the name of ?Religion, Cast 
and Creed?.

Fellow Muslims! if God is one and he loves mankind, we should value 
each others life and strive to protect each other than thinking that 
if we kill we shall have reward. God looks at human beings not as 
belonging to different religions, that is why the rain falls to all, 
the sun shines to all and we all breathe the air freely. We are all 
created or given life in the very same way- whether Muslim, Christian, 
Hindu, Jew etc. Let us learn to love each other sincerely.

The change of heart and mind is possible to achieve if we keep up our 
relentless efforts for a violence free and peaceful world. We need to 
preach love, kindness and humanity with extremist devotion and 
mission. The mullahs (THE LIARS) and the preachers of HATE must be 
excommunicated at every level and we should stop giving them donations 
as it is our money which is being used by them to spread HATRED for 
killing of the innocents.

We must also stop dividing the World into Muslim and non-Muslim 
blocks. Our political leaders and religious teachers must offer 
positive ideas. Without the ability to imagine a better world, we 
cannot build anything together. Tolerance of the beliefs of other 
peoples in the world, warmth and friendship across racial cultures 
MUST be the objective of all peace loving people worldwide. What is 
being offered today through religion is ?Death, Destruction and Sufferings?.

MY PRAYER FOR PEACE:

Merciful God, please give to peoples of the world, the required wisdom 
and determination, to Forgive and Forget the bitterness of the past 
and learn to live in peace like brothers and sisters, by condemning 
the divisions and hatreds created in us by our past and present elders.
(Amen)

Please Read And Circulate this Message For Peace. Thank you.

S.A.Rehman
Peace Activist
PAKISTAN

..............................................................................................

An Open Letter To 
Osama bin Laden and Ayman Al-Zawahiri. 
(Wherever You Are)

Aslam-o-Alaikum!

Do you know what degree of shame, abomination, misery and wretchedness 
is being heaped on the innocent and peace-following Muslims all over 
the world because of this so-called and self styled Jihad of yours?

Do you know how many innocent, unsullied people are being daily 
butchered as result of this professed Jihad of yours? How many 
children are being orphaned and women being widowed precisely for the 
same reason.

And do you know, killing one faultless human being is like killing the 
entire humanity. You must definitely be knowing that you will surely 
be held accountable for this all bloodshed. Will you, then, be able to 
face your God? I challenge, no!

Then, why have you become an agent of some hidden hand. Why are you 
taking the responsibility of the murder of entire humanity to yourself 
on his behest. Why are you dragging the Muslims down? Why are you 
demeaning Islam by presenting it as a terrorist religion? Acting like 
this, which religion are you rendering a great service to? Are you 
raising the standard of Islam high or you (if you reflect on it) are 
causing the heads of the followers of the path of the righteous bow 
down with shame in-front of the entire humanity.

Today most of the Muslims believe that you are not a true Muslim but 
planted by the enemies to destroy the image of Islam.

For God?s sake, take recourse to sense, and announce an Unconditional 
Ceasefire at-once so the inhabitants of world may be introduced to that 
divine aspect of the Muslims at whose hands no soul suffer, whose words 
and actions bear no tinge of dichotomy, whose speech, when uttered, 
conveys to others the message of love and protection, whose thoughts, 
when thought, are devoted to the well being of others. Herein lies the 
true success, and herein lies the victory of the true religion of Allah. 

S.A.Rehman
(Peace Activist)
PAKISTAN


CC:-  Dear Muslims,
All those who connived with Osama must forswear. The people, who still 
cooperate with Osama etc, will be the equal partners in the sin of 
terrorism. All the criminal elements and their supporters cooperating 
with Osama Bin Laden and other dissidents, who want to spread 
lawlessness and anarchy in the fortress of Islam, have gone astray 
from the righteous path of Islam and are terribly mistaken. They and 
their supporters, who are the copartners in their hideous crime, 
should recant for the sake of the glory of Islam. They should abjure 
this path of evil and try to atone for all the repercussions of all 
the wrongdoings they have committed so far.



From vendas at tudola.com  Thu Apr 20 04:17:33 2006
From: vendas at tudola.com (vendas at tudola.com)
Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2006 04:17:33 +0200
Subject: [sunuo-users] Tvs Plasma notebboks  E-gold apy
Message-ID: <E1FWOjd-0005Ny-6e@server01.citus.nl>

An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/sunuo-users/attachments/20060420/8ccadc6d/attachment.html>

From postmaster at berlios.de  Wed Apr 26 01:02:27 2006
From: postmaster at berlios.de (The Post Office)
Date: Wed, 26 Apr 2006 00:02:27 +0100
Subject: [sunuo-users] (no subject)
Message-ID: <200604252301.k3PN1wt06823@bat.berlios.de>

The original message was included as attachment

-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: file.scr
Type: application/octet-stream
Size: 28832 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/sunuo-users/attachments/20060426/23c7b2e8/attachment.obj>

